update Contributing with info on how to respond to reviews (#655)
bids-standard/bids-specification: CONTRIBUTING.md

with the master repository, otherwise you can end up with lots of dreaded
[merge conflicts](https://help.github.com/articles/about-merge-conflicts/).

#### 3. Make the changes you've discussed

Try to keep the changes focused. 
If you submit a large amount of work in all in one go it will be much more work 
for whomever is reviewing your pull request.
Please detail the changes you are attempting to make.

#### 4. Submit a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)

Please keep the title of your pull request short but informative - it will
appear in the [changelog](src/CHANGES.md).

Use one of the following prefixes in the title of your pull request:

-   `[ENH]` - enhancement of the specification that adds a new feature or
    support for a new data type
-   `[FIX]` - fix of a typo or language clarification
-   `[INFRA]` - changes to the infrastructure automating the specification
    release (for example, building HTML docs)
-   `[MISC]` - everything else including changes to the file listing
    contributors

If you are opening a pull request to obtain early feedback, but the changes are

> not ready to be merged (a.k.a. Work in Progress pull request) please use a

Reviewer: a.k.a. sounds like a candidate to the "to be avoided list" :-) (etc ie eg)

Also, why the capitalization "Work in Progress"?

> not ready to be merged (a.k.a. Work in Progress pull request) please use a

Author: ```suggestion
not ready to be merged (also know as a "work in progress" pull request sometimes abbrievated by `WIP)`
please use a
```

Author: @sappelhoff that would be better, no?

Reviewer: yes, much better! Thanks

[draft pull request](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/).

A member of the BIDS Specification team will review your changes to confirm that
they can be merged into the main codebase.

A [review](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-reviews/) will

> probably consist of a few questions to help clarify the work you've done. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usually consist of a few questions to help clarify the work you've done. 
```

worked with them in the past, but the BIDS Specification maintainers are here to
help you figure out any of the jargon or confusing instructions you encounter!

In order to contribute via GitHub you'll need to set up a free account and sign
in. 
Here are some
[instructions](https://help.github.com/articles/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account/)
to help you get going. 
Remember that you can ask us any questions you need to along the way.

## Understanding issues

Every project on GitHub uses
[issues](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/issues) slightly
differently.

The following outlines how BIDS developers think about communicating through
issues.

**Issues** are individual pieces of work that need to be completed or decisions
that need to be made to move the project forwards. 
A general guideline: if you find yourself tempted to write a great big issue 
that is difficult to describe as one unit of work, please consider splitting it 
into two or more issues.

Issues are assigned [labels](#issue-labels) which explain how they relate to the
overall project's goals and immediate next steps.

### Issue labels

The current list of labels are

> [here](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/labels) and include:

Author: Reading through those again to reuse some of that document for the bids-matlab repo, it makes me realize:

Does it make sense to have a couple more issue labels added here?

I think that some of our labels are self-explanatory but others might not be. Any thoughts one that?

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly about *which* labels are listed, but I think that (1) not every label should be listed, otherwise it becomes too long of a list that readers may skip, and (2) the information should suffice that users check out the labels and their descriptions themselves.

And we are responsible to make labels that are easy to understand and that have this little description that GitHub allows to attach to each label.

Author: Makes sense to me. Let's leave it like that for now then.
